which offers you this chilling challenge
to find a way out of course there's
always my way
Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom opened
in 1971 sixteen years after California's
Disneyland there were no other parts
like it thanks in parts and new ride
technologies like the groundbreaking
audio animatronics found in Pirates of
the Caribbean it's a small world and a
park favorite the Haunted Mansion
in the Haunted Mansion dune buggies
carry you through the moldering sanctum
of the spirit world
in these walls why some of Disney's
oldest and best special effects a
disembodied head sees the future as
ghosts roam creepy corridors and then
there is one of Disney's best-kept
secrets the dining hall phantoms these
spooks and mystifying visitors for years
curiously the technology behind them is
pretty simple in the Haunted Mansion
we have several special effects and a
lot of those are based on techniques
that were developed by magicians years
ago and parlor tricks reflections in
class and you know things that have been
around since a long long long before
reducing the society attraction
the spirits in the haunted mansion are
all controlled from highly sensitive and
restricted area the digital animation
control system or Dax X is the nerve
center electronically of the particle
more than 11-hundred audio-animatronics
figures and 700 soundtracks are
controlled from here this is the
brainstem of the Magic Kingdom the
single cabinet handles every spook
inspector in the Haunted Mansion
this contains all of the sounds
throughout the attraction from end to
end
this is a raven from the graveyard scene
garrison hats from the graveyard and of
course one that everyone would recognize
the howling dog he's on the outside
hurry back hurry back